okay here's the machine for the aeration
this is the machine that we use for
advanced
aeration eight delicate reason why we
call it aeration advanced the reason it
benefits is because we are using a golf
course equipment for regeneration and
there is about eight benefits that the
loan that you will get number one
improve the fertilizer uptake and use
number to increase the oxygen level in
the soil
number three improve the grass routing
number four increase the long drought
stress tolerance number five loosen the
soil compaction number six enhance path
breakdown which leads to fewer
maintenance and pest problem number
seven improve the drainage and water
uptake number eight
lastly makes your lawn greener and
healthy with less dollar bill because
your maintenance watering and
fertilization will be not as much off
okay let's see how this one work
okay by the way here is the sign the
sign is about almost four and long with
about one inch apart and diameter is
about cup ends and when we start with
every day
you will see how this one works can you
hold on and I'm going to start this
machine and while I'm waiting for the
guy my assistant my son he keeps running
look like
as if
so
for this month
Oh service
well let's give them one more right
there
depends on my setting this could be
policies like on the other side
that's what's gonna get okay thank you
very much sky
and
by